# CS-250

**How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?**
  I interpret user needs and implement them into programs through making it the number one priority. At the end of the day, this is business. Your consumers are your first priority in developing, so their needs, safety, and requests should always be the focal point in development. User stories are a great way to implement these requests into your program. User stories leave little room for assumption, and give you a great understanding of what is wanted and where the focus needs to be spent. Overall, even without user stories the consumer should always be the first priority in development. Without them, we have no importance. 

**How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?**
  I approach developing programs intuitively. When I have a goal, my brain twists and turns until it can turn the goal into logic. I enjoy figuring out how to turn complex problems into logical statements. Some Agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future development will definitely focus on communication. I have yet to work on any development in a group setting, but I feel prepared to collaborate efficitively thanks to the agile processes. I will incorporate things like daily sprints and retrospectives, even if it's a two man group I think these practices will be extremely effective. 

**What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?**
  To be a good team member in software development holds a lot of value. There are many attributes this could hold, but most importantly to me I think being open minded, great soft skills, and working with integrity would be the highest attributes of a good team member. Not everyone will agree on everything, but if you can be open minded and see things from another perspective, that'll avoid many issues in a team setting. Soft skills are extremely important because without great communication, there will be slip ups and wasted time often. Completed issues and new goals need to be clearly communicated and understood to develop efficiently. Finally, working with integrity is extremely important so you don't need to be babysat during your development. Someone who works with intregrity works the same when no one is watching and when everyone is watching. This is an undervalued trait in any employee. Overall, with these three traits you would be a top tier teammate in my eyes. 
